if you don't have the smart faucet your
money's going down the drain along with
thousands of gallons of unused and
wasted fresh water the smart faucet is a
zero waste faucet that provides all the
benefits of an automatic faucet for less
than a fraction of the price and no
hassle it provides water on-demand only
when you need it eliminating all waste
installation of the device is quick and
easy and doesn't require a plumber or
any special tools simply remove your old
aerator screw on the smart faucet and
hand-tighten once installed you set the
water to the desired temperature the
faucet valves are left at the settings
so you don't need to touch them again
the smart faucet has many benefits for
example it solves a leaky faucet problem
eliminating the need for costly repairs
and avoiding the waste of up to 20
gallons of water per day it prevents
cross-contamination from occurring by
avoiding contact with the faucet valves
themselves plus the rod itself has
antimicrobial properties and is
therefore completely hygienic the smart
faucet has a continuous flow function
that's activated by simply engaging the
locking disc a simple push on the rod
disengages this function the smart
faucet allows people who can't reach or
operate the faucet valves such as small
children or those with arthritis to use
the faucet independently and with ease
the smart faucet comes in black white
deluxe chrome and a soon to be available
kitchen month dollar-for-dollar the
smart faucet is the greenest product on
the planet install it today and start
saving thousands of gallons of water
energy and a green in your wallet it
will pay for itself in no time and save
you hundreds of dollars over its life
you